I had one wise kid had a minibike and we
had a little motorcycle I was taught
with them to be afraid of them and I
don't think it's an unreasonable here
what's up fellas Mars ancient he does so
what bike can I try to write my god I
got one here for you I got okay thanks
buddy actually I feel pretty comfortable
riding this hey that wouldn't feel like
I'd hurt the biker myself he won't talk
politics same shit different day what's
your biggest concern for an Obama
presidency that that he realistically is
not going to make any change in four
years they'll take him four years to
figure it out be taken four years to dig
us out of the hole Republicans
absolutely right another thing they're
not going to make any significant change
so to go in there and say we're going to
change don't be think it's gonna happen
in 48 months I'm assuming that you're on
McCain's team no oh no I know I think
I'm probably like a vast majority a lot
of people were still sitting in the
middle we're still looking we're still
listening trying to see who's full of
shit and who's not I'm neutral neutral I
wrote briefly when I was a kid my old
man bought a motorcycle some of those
little Suzuki like suzuki 90 but he's an
orthopedic surgeon and he used to take
me to the hospital to show me dudes in
traction who got motorcycle accident you
know that trick know what are you here
on the street man what are people
feeling about the election Obama McCain
anything it almost seems like a bomb was
more popular oh really what the working
guys well yeah I would say so I really
can't like McCain myself and what if
guilty about him just just because he
has the dumb laws at one time I was you
know I guess bar my kind changed his way
you know I think at one time we wanted
to get rid of all handguns yeah McCain's
a guy in a military prisoner of war took
some hits it survived I mean that
narrative works for some people
yeah I'm mark nice to meet you tells me
you work for countryside country my
country wide a mortgage yeah the vpe I
was a vice president did you know they
were up to no good um I started to
figure that out after a while for
somebody who worked over their country
why do you feel like the Republicans
encourage that that this administration
you don't think it was politically I
think it's plug I think it was green on
corporate America's I don't think I
think I'd agree i regulate great i don't
think you can put a political party on
that right so how do you feel about the
possibility of a obama presidency I'm
really undecided my daughter's in Iraq
what can he say as a parent who has a
daughter in Iraq um I don't think either
one of them but I mean on some level you
know Barack is its Eddie's if he wants
to bring everybody home and the cam
doesn't I'm very mixed omnia of course I
was a child over there I want her home
right okay you know she's in Afghanistan
and now she's on your rack and their
stop loss in her in the military
stop-loss orders they're making her stay
six months longer than her tour and I
don't like that yeah you know that's not
fair do you feel that because McCain was
a veteran and was a prisoner war that
he's more sensitive to that stuff as he
sold you on that no kidding you saw me
on that hmm no you don't tell me on that
either but you think you're gonna vote
when it comes down to it um I'm not
about this time he's not gonna I'm just
talking about not even a write-in
candidate that those you that's what
we're here from a lot of finesse loriann
so I'm hearing from from peanuts from
here for my customers so they're just
saying they were given up I talked to
guy yesterday said that they that he
feels like they should just shut the
lights off in Washington and see what
happens before you that place has more
economic integrity than the US
government absolutely yes you're
absolutely right Nevada Gaming
Commission has more priority than United
States that's right you kind of go into
that libertarian world where they
dismantle the Federal Reserve return the
gold standard goes down the borders a
little bit and fuck everybody else do we
get our shit together that's probably a
good idea yeah it's probably a good idea
well spoken okay all right so we don't
have a candidate for that
so therefore what's up all right good
deal i'll see you guys